Deprecate enableGroupedBatching (#23260)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/sad-dodos-sell.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": minor
"@fluidframework/fluid-static": minor
---
---
"section": deprecation
---

> Marked `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching` as deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching is now deprecated
```

Reviewer 2: Curious if removing the inline code formatting was intentional. I personally do like to see it even in headers.

Author: Applied changes

> - We want to remove the ability to configure batch grouping, so `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching` is now being marked as deprecated and batch grouping will now depend on batch compression.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We will remove the ability to disable Grouped Batching in v2.20.0. The only exception (i.e. where Grouped Batching would be disabled) is for compatibility with older (v1) clients, and this will be implemented without needing to expose `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching`.
```

Author: Applied changes

> - We will remove the ability to disable Grouped Batching in v2.20.0. The only exception (i.e. where Grouped Batching would be disabled) is for compatibility with older (v1) clients, and this will be implemented without needing to expose `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We will remove the ability to disable Grouped Batching in v2.20.0. The only exception (i.e. where Grouped Batching would be disabled) is for compatibility with older (v1) clients, and this will be implemented without needing to expose `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching`.
```

Author: Applied changes

> - We will remove the ability to disable Grouped Batching in v2.20.0. The only exception (i.e. where Grouped Batching would be disabled) is for compatibility with older (v1) clients, and this will be implemented without needing to expose `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching` property is deprecated and will be removed in version 2.20.0. This will mean that the grouped batching feature can no longer be disabled. In versions 2.20.0 and beyond, grouped batching is required for the proper functioning of the Fluid Framework.

The sole case where grouped batching will be disabled is for compatibility with older v1 clients, and this will be implemented without any need for the configurable `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching` option.
```

Author: Done
